uh hello my name is Marlon I'm a clown
fish clownfish really go home tell us a
joke oh I'll objects well I actually do
know one that's good pretty good um
there was this mollusk and he walks up
to the sea cucumber normally they don't
talk sea cucumbers put in a joke
everyone talk so the sea mollusk says to
the cucumber
nema neighbor what I did it look lamb
fish is not that funny how to use these
things no idea whatsoever it's the
captain what about you I mean you don't
gripe it all I don't grab to you
arriving I'm a captain he's a chain of
command the rights go up not down always
up you drive to me I drive to my
security officer so on so on so on I
don't gripe to you I'm gonna grab and
funny you should know that at the ranger
I'm sorry sir but let's say you want a
captain well maybe I was a major would
you say that well that case I say this
is an excellent mission sir with an
extremely valuable objective sir worthy
of my best effort sir moreover I feel
heartfelt sorrow for the mother of
private James Ryan and willing to lay
down my life lives are my men especially
you ride them please herself and no
matter what happens no matter what
obstacles we face we never forget one of
our own picture hey we left bunton and
fika back at the gas station okay well
are from this point on no matter what
happens we never forget one of our own I
eat breakfast 300 yards from 4000 Cubans
who are trained to kill me so don't
think for one second that you can come
down here flash a badge and make me
nervous oh geez look at the butt on that
yeah he must work out no way do you find
it hard to hide the fact that you're gay
what do you pause before you pretty
talking about why look buddy two seconds
ago you were ready to give me a jump a
jump hahaha I'm happy sorry to
disappoint you but I don't have a
problem with it I don't care if you putt
from the rough you're an idiot
I'm sitting over there for 45 minutes
waiting you to come and talk to me but
I'm tired now and I have to go home and
I couldn't sit there anymore waiting
before you oh I'm well skyla let's go
caution in your tone commander I'm a
fair guy fucking heat is making me
absolutely crazy I'm telling you that
man does not look stable you have any
idea how much that you things we're
powder on my underwear I'm definitely
not wearing my underwear my underwear
what lady fall uh I bought a car for not
to be an alien robot well no you call no
one after that the number fucking salad
you want only out there in the rain you
didn't think that number so it was your
mother's 900 number i just ran out
across when we get off of mud i just got
off to yours emi yes what Papa and when
the machine breaks down we break down
you killed my breath Fred you bastard
those it's any consolation you're about
to be reunited
harris your life is a horrible shot mmm
you are one pathetic loser I feel like
the fucking asshole you want answers I
think I'm entitled you want the truth
you can't handle the truth you don't
know about real loss cuz it only occurs
when you love something more than you
love yourself I don't you ever dare to
love anybody that much
you